THE PARADOX OF SURVIVAL: FROM ERASURE TO VINDICATION

Dr Richard William McLean
The Barran Dodger Archive
Friday, 2 October 2026
One document. Full text. Not a summary. Not a finding. Not a verdict.

Now I'm alive and they failed to erase, silence, or murder me has caused an inverse paradox. They now need me to live as an asset, as my testimony will cause accountability and finger pointing if I die.

The government built my case brick by brick in every response and official correspondence. That proved each participated in causing my detriment. It is now totally undeniable due to me collating over three decades of evidence in their own words. They wrote the entire script, but it is now me who holds the pen.

They have been feigning care and protection through providing the barest of minimums in the form of money and accommodation to guarantee my life in the case that if I suicided from the abuse, neglect, torture and electronic harassment, they could claim due diligence and duty of care as a guarantee of life. This NDIS funding through Able Point that pays them and the support workers who were pre-briefed on me to misunderstand me and to not accept any evidence I show them and to universally agree to never listen to me or to report what their mandated roles state they should and who continue to act in ways that actively continue my detriment, neglect, surveillance, isolation and exile. This funding is also their wages and income. I can see the corruption and they all benefit from continuing the work and they are all afraid to report it as it will implicate them in the detriment they all help to continue. They come to my door feigning care with politeness as if they are good people and not part of the problem.

The corruption isn't free and nor is my life now as it would cause a chain reaction of finger pointing and ultimate accountability that no amount of money can stop or bribe away. Someone has had to make that decision to give me the barest guarantee of life and existence while simultaneously refusing to help in any way that would validate me or elevate me. They can't elevate me as my elevation is their accountability and exposure. They have created a system where my voice and existence must never be more consequential than them. I'm the most important feared and powerful paradoxically insignificant person in the world. Ask anyone! I am a total zero! I have proven i am afraid to stand alone and am unafraid courageous to speak the truth alone. This is the ultimate paradox. I am the most significant insignificant person in the world.

My silence was not weakness nor surrender. I purposefully and deliberately collected the evidence over decades, always aware of my intentions in the back of my mind, secretly planning my ultimate vindication.

All the professionals, government agencies, political parties, media, lawyers, doctors, psychiatrists, friends and family all universally betrayed me and left me for dead but I survived by the grace of God not the government. I have no allegiance to any person, political party, professional or organisation who can provide me protection and safety. My allegiance is to God and he saved me and gave me his favour as I'm favoured by God not any professional who betrayed me and was part of my detriment.

My eradication and erasure offended God not just me. This is less about my revenge but God's vengeance and divine justice and universal balance of ethical and spiritual principles that underpin the universe. No one has the right to play God and take a life. No one wins a war against God, no government body or agency. I have been kept alive for a divine purpose to serve God and shine a light on the betrayal in a public setting. I wasn't hidden away and convinced to back down. I was anointed by God for everyone to see and the evidence is the foundation of my ultimate public vindication.

No one has helped or stood by me publicly to agree with me and my evidence. To do so would be to align with me and to help me rise from the ashes of my betrayal and detriment and ultimately ruin. My ascension to vindication is their ruin and accountability. I am meant to never rise or succeed or be compensated for the detriment or for there to be acknowledgement or acceptance of the evidence. I'm not meant to win against them. Not one has protested. They all play along.

But I'm alive and well and I win simply by existing. I rise simply by existing and they hate it. My existence is the problem. My life is God's will not the government's. This can't be allowed to continue or it will become an accepted universal method to deal with people who expose the truth. This began when I was young long before I even knew what was happening. I was targeted for a reason. I believe it was because of my character that threatened them. I reminded them of the person they refused to be. Brave, courageous, unafraid and not willing to be controlled by a group of cowards who agreed to accept the lies and deceit for an easy and safe life. My refusal to agree and accept the narrative was offensive to them. So they isolated me and excluded me from the group and took my life away from me. But I didn't break and God's plan was not thwarted and truth will always be exposed. I was chosen for a reason to be a vessel for God's plan and glory on earth. This is the true divine justice not humans. This is spiritual mathematics. This is the universal spiritual laws that govern life not government.

Now time has been the greatest judge that acts outside any human court or tribunal and I'm not in need of a lawyer. Truth doesn't need permission to shine. It simply exists but matures slowly, walking in an unavoidable way, but lies need effort to uphold. The world now sees the difference between performance and persistence. All I had to do was not play their game. The scandal does not own my name. I'm not a footnote in their story. I AM the plot twist and the narrator of the story and the centre of the entire thing. I am an axle on which the entire thing turns. They sit inside the scandal they built for me. After I rise from the ashes, their malice left me phoenix-like from the ashes despite impossible odds.

The paradox of survival: from erasure to vindication.

The Paradox of Survival: From Erasure to Vindication

now I’m alive and they failed to erase, silence, or murder me. The paradoxical inversion is now I’m considered an asset by the government, who’s continuing existence is rudimentary essential because my death now would cause too much finger pointing and accountability, and I’m preserved in the barest minimum of financial and accommodated ways whilst simultaneously suffering deliberate detriment by the same agencies feigning care, barely protecting me, keeping me alive as an insurance policy that if I suicided from the abuse, neglect, surveillance, electronic harassment, torture, exile, isolation, those agencies coukd still claim due diligence via the ndis funding that is spent by paying able point who financially benefit from both barely protecting me and paying wages to ndis support workers, who are already pre warned of my situation and poised and committed to misunderstanding me no matter how much evidebce I share or provide to them, and universally agree to never listen, act, or make a meaningful change to my circumstances from their own actions.

Actions that are supposedly mandated in their roles of reporting the abuse, neglect etc, not actively participating in sustaining the deliberate detriment, and then continue to feign help, refuse evidence and accountability, actively participating in sustaining the corruption and detriment, whilst at the same time appearing at the door doing menial and minimum tasks whilst smiling in a kind of polite demeanour, as if I can’t see that they too are financially benefitting from my continued persecution, aligning with my perpetrators and avoiding accountability, and simultaneously deliberately acting n breach of their mandated obligations to report the very conditions they help create.

Create a statement that now I’m alive and they failed to erase, silence, or murder me. The paradoxical inversion is now I’m considered an asset by the government, who’s continuing existence is rudimentary essential because my death now would cause too much finger pointing and accountability, and I’m preserved in the barest minimum of financial and accommodated ways whilst simultaneously suffering deliberate detriment by the same agencies feigning care, barely protecting me, keeping me alive as an insurance policy that if I suicided from the abuse, neglect, surveillance, electronic harassment, torture, exile, isolation, those agencies coukd still claim due diligence via the ndis funding that is spent by paying able point who financially benefit from both barely protecting me and paying wages to ndis support workers who are already pre warned of my situation and poised and committed to misunderstanding me no matter how much evidebce I share or provide to them, and universally agree to never listen, act, or make a meaningful change to my circumstances from their own actions.

Actions that are supposedly mandated in their roles of reporting the abuse, neglect etc, not actively participating in sustaining the deliberate detriment, and then continue to feign help, refuse evidence and accountability, actively participating in sustaining the corruption and detriment, whilst at the same time appearing at the door doing menial and minimum tasks whilst smiling in a kind of polite demeanour, as if I can’t see that they too are financially benefitting from my continued persecution, aligning with my perpetrators and avoiding accountability, and simultaneously deliberately acting n breach of their mandated obligations to report the very conditions they help create.

It costs money to sustain the corruption, and now my death works cause a chain reaction of accountability unavoidable due to my published testimony, so the costings balance of those now terrified I might die is also a cost analysis which has to be considered.

In this way, the barest guarantee of life of barest necessities is provided in order to preserve my existence, and simultaneously never acting in any way which may provide a benefit, or provide any method way or legal process or ruling which may elevate my story or statements or testimony, or provide any single way to help validation of my evidence and writing and demanding protests for justice accountability and compensation.

To assist me is to enable my rise and vindication and justice. This is the antithesis of what they want, because my rise to a higher level or significance will immediately expose their corruption and cowardice, which by design is to guarantee my influence will never outshine or expose their corruption. Corruption of their perceived higher and more influential positions, which would inevitably result in their corruption exposed and their immediate and irrevocable and irreversible detriment and fall from grace.

I have proven i am afraid to stand alone and speak truth to power, and my influence is so feared in what it could potentially uncover and cause their fall from grace. They are actually now that I e survived erasure terrified of me and my evidence and goals. This is paradoxically contrasted with my apparent lack of power identity or any influence as a person deemed to be of zero significance or consequence, but in fact, if every agency person place profession politicicisns media and everyone I know had universally acsndined me in total human betrayal, statistically and mathematically impossible to survive Wgat was intended to erase me permanently, then it reveals I am not insignificant bit in fact so incredibly authentic, who is unafraid courageous to speak the truth alone instead of retreat to the safety of the crowd, reveals me as the most powerful significant truth speaker this country has ever seen.

It also confirms Gods hand anoint h and favour is upon my life, because it’s clear people or the government didn’t save me. It was of me being chosen by the universe and by God, otherwise I would not be here, and further my alignment with the creator and my faith is real probable and tangible as more real than any decision by any professional which has universally deliberately caused me detriment, when God preserved my life for a divine purpose to he a vessel for his glory, as I have no allegiance to any place blood family organisation political party or otherwise. My allegiance is with the most high God.

It is why i am confident of compensation vindication and success despite total universal betrayal by humanity and australia. I have gods proven favour - but every person has acted to touch one of the most high gods annointed. This angered and offended God as spiritual treason for which he will command divine justice for the malicious harm aimed at me.

This is less about my revenge but Gods vengeance to have as a balancing of the books by a process of spiritual mathematics of energy being balances as a fundamental principle that underpins the fabric of the universe.

Everyone thinks the government will protect them as a force that can choose to kill one of gods chosen ones. This is absurd. No person or force has the permission to erase or remove any person let alone someone chosen for his purposes.

This absurd underestimation of me as a person is audacious in its plan and intent and a total insult to the creator of all of existence, and just to be clear, no mere corrupt person organisation or any government is any match fit the universe, and no one wins a war against god. That is what they don’t understand, or more threatening to them, will either starting to realise who they picked a fight either otherwise ultimately they will come to that reslisation as god reveals me in his divine Kronos timing and divine relevation, revealing my identity purpose kingdom calling destiny whilst he keeps me safe hidden in plain sight, not hiding nor back peddling, whilst the archive to expose the total betrayal of a corrupt humanity creates the foundation illustrating my divine purpose for the creators divine reckoning to smash corruption and create a more spiritual just and fair society.

Because to allow thus to happen to me and get away with it, the evil powers that br will repeat the abuse to the next victim who is considered a threat to its false illusion of power control and ability to decide who lives and who dies. This is totally unsustainable for a humanity poised on the eve of existential collapse anyway. This also proves why I was chosen as a vessel to expose it o wed the only one with the correct attributes and resilience able to survive what was intended to erase me, and when I failed God picked me up and carried me.

They saw my power I fluency honesty integrity intelligence and living unapologetically and courageously way before I knew it in myself. This alone was the reason in retrospect I was targeted across my entire life.

Others were envious of my character because they were aware they themselves had a chance to live like me but sold out for the comfort of the crowd and sold out for comfort and privilege, giving their permission to be riled and controlled by the same authority who targeted me. This is the reason I stand alone and no one will help I remind them of the person they eo never be.

I am the most important feared and powerful paradoxically insignificant person of zero consequence this county has ever seen-ask anyone!
